Highlights today as the bidding for the city's new landmark approaches
Public project design drawings of Giang Vinh Group
Won the widespread attention of the people of Giang Thanh
In addition, Hengtai Group also participated in the tender and published the project drawings at the same time.
This little girl is a newborn who is not afraid of tigers.
Compared to us zombies
You don't see how much you weigh.
Steward Lee prepares the car
I want to go to the company.
Why does Hengtai Group compare with us?
Crescent father-in-law asked my position in the company
Giang total cut
What's wrong with this woman?
General Director Zhang, didn't you say before that you will agree to be with me after the project is successful?
- Do you remember? - Of course I do.
But now the blueprints have just been reviewed from your photos.
It's too early to succeed.
What makes you think that trash like Hengtai Corporation can pit us?
Have fun
Promise me.
Giang always has news.
How's it going?
The project drawings on the other side of the Hengtai estate though were much more perfect than we imagined.
But the level of attention across the web compared to ours is not basically the same.
All right, I told you.
What's the problem with that?
Come on. Congratulations.
Any other news?
What is Hengtai in a short time converging into a good soil standard?
I've just heard that their chief engineer is very good.
Chief Engineer Xu Khiem could not
Isn't he just a straw bag?
Hi, Dad.
Daughter, congratulations.
I will come to the company to congratulate you and Xu Thien.
I know.
Pay attention to safety.
The president is coming.
I want you to see the story of the two of us.
Big Brother is not good, Big Brother Jiang is not good.
Our new landmark project has been rejected.